If you want happiness for a lifetime - help the next generation. -- Chinese Proverbs
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else. -- Booker T. Washington
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. -- Mahatma Gandhi
We build too many walls and not enough bridges. -- Isaac Newton
Abundance doesn't follow giving until giving becomes its own reward -- Jan Denise
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible -- Dalai Lama
Where there is great love, there are always miracles. -- Willa Cather
What you leave behind is not what is engraved in stone monuments, but what is woven into the lives of others. -- Pericles
Doing nothing for others is the undoing of ourselves. -- Benjamin Franklin
None of us have gotten where we are solely by pulling ourselves up from our own bootstraps. We got here because somebody bent down and helped us. -- Thurgood Marshall
In giving you are throwing a bridge across the chasm of your solitude. -- Antoine de Saint- Exupery
To keep a lamp burning we have to keep putting oil in it. -- Mother Theresa
Community means strength that joins our strength to do the work that needs to be done. Arms to hold us when we falter. A circle of healing. A circle of friends. Someplace where we can be free. -- Starhawk 
Long after a deed is done, the trace or momentum of the intention left behind it remains as a seed, conditioning our future happiness or unhappiness. -- Gil Fronsdal
Opportunities to find deeper powers within ourselves come when life seems most challenging. -- Joseph Campbell
Strange is our situation here upon earth. Each of us comes for a short visit, not knowing why, yet sometimes seeming to divine a purpose. From the standpoint of daily life, however, there is one thing we do know: that man is here for the sake of other men. -- Anonymous
How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving and tolerant of the weak and strong. Because someday in your life you will have been all of these. -- George Washington Carver
Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow. Don't walk behind me, I may not lead. Just walk beside me and be my friend. -- Albert Camus
A person's world is only as big as their heart. -- Tanya A. Moore
One looks back with appreciation to the brilliant teachers, but with gratitude to those who touched our human feelings. The curriculum is so much necessary raw material, but warmth is the vital element for the growing plant and for the soul of the child. -- Carl Jung
Experience is not what happens to a man; it is what a man does with what happens to him. -- Aldous Huxley
The best way to cheer yourself is to try to cheer someone else up. -- Mark Twain
In serving the best interests of children, we serve the best interests of all humanity. -- Carol Bellamy
Life is a celebration of awakenings, of new beginnings, and wonderful surprises that enlighten the soul. -- Cielo
Do not consider any act of kindness insignificant, even meeting your brother with a cheerful face. -- Muhammad 
The best use of life is to invest it in something which will outlast life. -- William James
Two phrases -- `Will you help?' and `Yes, I will!' comprise the most beautiful duet in American history. -- David S. Ketchum
A candle loses nothing by lighting another candle. -- Father James Keller
